Cobb Douglas must have A > 0: total factor productivity must be strictly positive, K >=0: Capital must be non-negative but can be zero. L >= 0: labor must be non-negative and can be zero. $\alpha$ > 0: Capital's output elasticity must be strictly positive and $\beta$ > 0 labors output elasticity must be strictly positive. The economic reasoning is that A > 0 means you can't have negative productivity. This means to me if youre working, youre working or if the machine is on the machine is on. This can be seen with silicon and silicon valley. The gold rush came before the silicon rush, so why didn't we call it gold valley? silicon remained an unknown technology then but became relevant when it became relevant. Furthermore, if we consider gold to have created value that we could use to obtain and work in an economy as a currency, then we could in fact be able to say that gold, or something or other needed to become valuable before silicon did. K>= 0 and L>= 0 is interesting especially for artificial intelligence right now because if labor could be 0 then what would capital be. and if \alpha and \beta have to be greater than zero then ist shows some sort of elasticity around what could or couldn't be. So what is AI going to do? Lower labor at the expense of capital for a short term negative but long term positive gain? I believe companies right now are laying people off to pay more in capital investment towards artificial intelligence and that artificial intelligence isn't yet replacing the quality of labor, but it is replacing some aspects of labor which I would also like to model.
